otelgrpc: Fix NewServerHandler to correctly set span status (#4587)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Add the new `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrgen` package to provide auto-generated source code instrumentation. (#3068, #3108)

> ### Fixed
> 
> - Fix `NewServerHandler` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc` sets error state from grpc status incorrectly (#4587)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `NewServerHandler` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc` to correctly set the span as error depending on the gRPC status. (#4587)
```

> - Fix `NewServerHandler` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc` sets error state from grpc status incorrectly (#4587)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `NewServerHandler` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc` to correctly set the span as error depending on the gRPC status. (#4587)
```
